Add note about role of items' identities in data providers (#1627)
vaadin/docs: articles/binding-data/_lombok-warning.adoc

> Vaadin's data model requires that beans' identities stay the same even when _non-identifying_ properties have changed.
> 
> CAUTION: If you rely on [methodname]`equals()` and [methodname]`hashCode()` implementations that include all properties, such as in the case of Lombok's [classname]`@EqualsAndHashCode`, read
> <<{articles}/binding-data/data-provider/#Beware-of-Lombok’s-@EqualsAndHashCode, this>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that to function properly, components such as the `Grid` and `ComboBox` require that the assigned items have identifiers that are _stable_ and _unique_.
This usually requires a proper implementation of the [methodname]`hashCode()` and [methodname]`equals()` methods as described in this <<data-binding.data-provider.item-identifiers>> section.
```

Author: The new version looks fine. I like the _stable_ and _ unique_ adjectives used here. It definitely sounds better than my version.

Are you sure that we can skip making `@EqualsAndHashCode` obvious here? This version forces the reader to go to another page/section to realize the problem with Lombok.

Reviewer: I think that's fine. The potential Lombok pitfall is only one of many caveats and considerations related to the binding of items to components. We cannot list every possible caveat in the introduction.
